Inter section between xenopus data in the different stages of the in vivo experiment and manually curated Human CDK targets.
a. 

Predicted disorder and phosphorylation in Xenopus.
b. Diagrmas showing IUPred scores over the protein length of cdc6, mcm4, rif1 and elys. Regions with scores greater than 0.5 (in red) are considered to be disordered and scores lesser than 0.5 (in grey) represent structured regions. The Ser and Thr residues of the protein were marked with blue vertical lines and phosphorylated sites with yellow circles and green circles for those phosphorylations showing a dynamic behavior throughout the cell cycle.

Scheme of expected versus observed phosphorylation in disorder regions. 
c. representation of the expected number of phosphorylatable residues in structured and disordered regions, as the proportions as the proportions of Ser and Thr in those regions of the proteins. The effect of the compositional bias in disordered regions when compared with the rest of the protein was taken into account.

Observed vs. expected phosphorylated Ser and Thr in disordered regions. 
d. Scatter plot showing the expected vs the observed number of phosphorylated Serines and Threonines for each protein of Human and Xenopus phosphoprotein datasets. Statistical significance was calculated with the binomial test and corrected for multiple hypothesis testing by calculating the false discovery rate (FDR). 5% and 1% of FDR tresholds are marked in yellow and red respectively. The crosses show those proteins with at least one dynamic phsophorylation in Xenopus or CDK1 subfamily targets for Humans.

e. Boxplots showing expected vs observed phosphorylated serines and threonines in different 3 subsets of the data: all the phosphoproteins detected, those phosphoproteins with at least one phosphopeptide detected to have a dynamic behavior throughout the cell cycle, and the dynamic phosphoproteins also detected as CDK1 subfamily targets in Human. In all the cases the distributions were compared with the Wilcoxon signed-rank test.

Percentage of disorder residues as a per-protein estimation of their disorder state.
f. Violin plots comparing the distribution of percentage of disorder residues per protein for the phosphoproteins in CDK targets vs the rest of the pohsphoproteome for Human and Yeast, and Dynamic phosphoproteins vs the rest of the phosphoproteome for xenopus. Intrisic disorder in proteins was calculated with three different predcitors (IUPred, SPOT and VSL2b). Statistical significance was evaluated with the Wilcoxon–Mann–Whitney test.

Analysis of stratified contingency tables for 

Human CDK1 subfamily targets and Xenopus dynamic phosphoproteins in membraneless organaless
g. Counts of the Human CDK1 subfamily targets, Xenopus dynamic phosphoproteins and the intersection of both sets that were reported to be present in different memebraneless organelles.